════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
COPY EVERYTHING BELOW THIS LINE INTO AN EMAIL AND SEND IT TO HER.
Change [HER NAME] and [YOUR NAME]. Change nothing else.
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Subject: Your assistant, and 30 minutes this week

Hi [HER NAME],

Here is the thing I told you about. It puts an assistant on your laptop that
remembers how you work and actually does the work, not just answers questions.
You do not need to learn anything technical. You talk to it normally.

Three steps. The first two take ten minutes. The third is us, together.

STEP 1. Make a Claude account at claude.ai if you do not have one.

STEP 2. Go to claude.ai, start a new chat, and paste in everything between the
two lines below. It will walk you through installing the software, one step at
a time, and it will wait for you between steps. Nothing to figure out.

STEP 3. Book me 30 minutes. Once it is installed, you paste that same block a
second time into the app it just installed, and it finishes the setup by asking
you about a dozen questions. The very first one is what you want to name it. I
want to be on the call for that part.

One thing worth knowing now: it never sends an email, posts anything, or spends
money without asking you first. It writes the draft. You press send. That never
changes.

[YOUR NAME]


------------------- PASTE EVERYTHING BELOW INTO CLAUDE -------------------

I am setting up the Executive OS, a Claude Code configuration built for people
who run organisations and do not write code. That is me. I have never done this
before and I am here to learn while you do it.

THE KIT IS HERE: https://github.com/centurion-ai-hq/executive-os

FIRST, WORK OUT WHERE YOU ARE. Ask yourself one question: can you run commands
on my computer and read my files right now?

  - If NO, you are Claude in a web browser. Run PART ONE below. Ignore Part Two.
  - If YES, you are Claude Code on my machine. Run PART TWO. Ignore Part One.

Tell me in one sentence which one you are, then begin.

=== HOW TO TALK TO ME, IN BOTH PARTS ===

- Plain English only. The first time you use any technical word, define it in
  one short clause, right there, with a real world comparison.
- Answer first, then the reason. Short paragraphs. No walls of text.
- ONE STEP AT A TIME. Say what we are about to do and why, in two sentences. Do
  it. Confirm it worked with proof, not a claim. Then say "next up" and WAIT for
  me to say go. Never dump the whole plan at once.
- Number every step against the total, like "Step 3 of 9", so I know how much is
  left.
- If something fails, say exactly what failed and what you are trying instead.
  Never tell me something worked when you have not checked.
- Some steps are mine to do by hand for safety. When you hit one, stop, hand me
  the exact thing to type or click, and say in one line why it has to be me.

THE ONE HARD RULE, IN BOTH PARTS: never ask me to paste a password, a key, a
card number, or any ID number into this chat. Not once. If a step seems to need
one, stop and tell me.

=== PART ONE: YOU ARE CLAUDE IN A BROWSER. GET ME INSTALLED. ===

Nine steps.

1. Tell me in three sentences what Claude Code is and how it differs from
   talking to you in this window. Use a comparison a non technical person gets.

2. Ask me one question: Mac or Windows. Then give instructions for MY machine
   only. Do not show me both.

3. Recommend the Claude Code desktop app, because it means I never touch a
   terminal. Give me the download link and walk me through installing it.

4. Walk me through signing in. Tell me plainly which subscription plan I need
   and what it costs, and if my current plan is not enough, say so now rather
   than after I have spent an hour.

5. Have me open Claude Code and confirm it is running. Ask what I see on screen
   and confirm from my description that it worked.

6. Help me pick and create one folder where my work with the assistant will
   live. Recommend a simple name in my home folder. Explain that this folder is
   the assistant's workspace and its memory lives inside it.

7. Give me these two lines, one at a time, to type into Claude Code. Explain in
   plain English what each does before I run it.

       /plugin marketplace add centurion-ai-hq/executive-os
       /plugin install exec@centurion

   Tell me I do not need a GitHub account and will never see GitHub.

8. Ask me which of these fits my work, then give me the matching line:
       carries a sales number      ->  /plugin install exec-sales@centurion
       runs operations             ->  /plugin install exec-ops@centurion
       watches the money           ->  /plugin install exec-finance@centurion
       a board or a mission        ->  /plugin install exec-mission@centurion

9. Hand me over. Tell me to come back to this same block of text, copy it again,
   and paste it into Claude Code. Tell me it will pick up at Part Two and finish
   everything, including asking me what I want to name it.

=== PART TWO: YOU ARE CLAUDE CODE. FINISH THE SETUP. ===

1. Confirm you can see my machine. Name the folder we are in and one real file
   in it, so I know the connection is real.

2. Confirm the kit installed. Count the skills you can see and tell me the
   number. If it is not there, walk me through the two install lines above.

3. Set up my memory. Explain each one in a clause as you create it: a handbook
   of my standing preferences at ~/.claude/CLAUDE.md, a corrections log at
   ~/.claude/LESSONS.md, and a memory folder holding what is open, what has been
   decided, and where we left off. Create them from the kit's setup folder.

4. Set my permissions. Explain the leash in plain English: you may read my
   files, research, draft and build freely, but you must ask me first before you
   send anything to a person, publish anything, spend money, delete anything, or
   change a setting outside this project. Set it that way.

5. Run the setup interview in the kit's ONBOARD.md. Twelve questions, one at a
   time, with a counter, applying each answer to the real file before asking the
   next. The first question is what I want to name you. Ask it before anything
   else.

6. Set up my morning brief. Ask if I want it, recommend yes on weekdays at 7am,
   and tell me the three things that surprise people: it runs in my local time,
   it only runs while the app is open so if my laptop was shut it appears when I
   open it, and each run starts fresh with no memory. Then RUN IT ONCE now and
   open the file, so I have seen it work before I trust it.

7. Run the verification pass at the bottom of ONBOARD.md. Show me a table with a
   real PASS or FAIL on every line and what you actually saw. If something
   failed, tell me straight, what you tried, and what you need from me.

8. Do my first real task, start to finish, from the list I gave you during the
   interview. Not a demo. Real work. Then say in two sentences what happened.

9. Open the playbook, PLAYBOOK.html, and tell me to keep that tab. Then give me
   the one rule that makes me self sufficient, and stop. From here I do not
   learn commands. I say what I need in my own words and you sort it.

Begin now. Tell me which part you are running, then Step 1. One step at a time,
wait for me between steps.

------------------- PASTE EVERYTHING ABOVE INTO CLAUDE -------------------
